Data Polluter Pro
=============================================
#### Get your cookies under control and help save Freedom and the Internet! This analytics pollution and "Privacy Inversion" tool legally adds legal but unfavorable, noisy, useless activity and cookies to your "digital footprint" in hopes of rendering it useless to analytics, surveillance, and monitoring systems. ####

### Overview ###
What's easiest for keeping your personal information out of the hands of those who don't have a right to it?  Giving it to them voluntarily, and then some. Tool to lets you alter/pollute your "digital footprint". Your browsing history will of course be tied to nonsense/opinions/facts/causes/parties/websites/corportations, etc. that you don't support or agree with. But if enough law-abiding Free citizens use it, then surveillance loses its value. This tools automates simple tasks that you could easily and realistically perform yourself. Its StubleUpon with anti-tracking and Freedom loving technology at its core. Fight technology with technology using the No Surveillance AppsTM data polluter. Join us and help reclaim privacy (the hard way).

**This tool is currently legal is all 50 states!** 

### Features ###
* Automatically visits websites using your internet browser
* Coming soon! Data Polluter mobile
* Coming soon! Automatically perform provided/user editable keyword searches and click through to result pages (and sub pages)
* Coming soon? Activist mode: Opt-in to visit resources like major and minor political parties, news sources critical of current United States policies and leadership, enter your own "red flag" keywords to voluntarily "flag" yourself and in aggregate dilute surveillance technology abilities
* Server-free implementation. All you need is an internet connection and a web browser
* Fun to watch! But feel to open another tab

### Installation / Running it ###
* Click here! OR 
* Click the ZIP button, extract the contents, and double click to open index.html (you will be prompted before any action is taken).

### Principles ###
* You have a reasonable expectation of privacy online
* You own or have the right to consciously control your own digital footprint and cooklie data
* THIS TOOL DOES NOT condone/promote/scan/take-action-on/participate-in/store/access ANY content that is "too radical", in support of terrorism or murder, violent, threatening, racist, pornographic or otherwise illegal content/information/resources/links on the web/etc

### Data Pollution Sources ###
* Random web sites pulled from resources like the [Alexa Top 500](http://www.alexa.com/topsites)
* 
* Chinese websites?
* Your suggestions here...

### FAQS ###
1. **What the heck does this do?** This software "throws you under the bus" in the eyes of those who may or may not be monitoring you with surveillance technologies. One method used is to have your web browser automatically visit specific web sites related to "unfavorable" content. It is important to note that the activity generated by this tool is generally only available at a technical level, and contains things like your ip address. You are altering your digital footprint on some level, not auto-posting crazy links to Facebook. In addition, the activities of this tool are fully visible to you the user.
2. **What's a "privacy inversion" tool?** Privacy tools and technology seeks to keep your personal information personal. This tool seeks to do the opposite, by creating noisy, misleading, and "unfavorable" activity on your behalf. 
1. **Why would I want to participate?** The idea is that if enough people choose to pollute/randomize/anonymize their digital footprint, monitoring technologies will become less effective. If enough people use the tool, the typical internet user will end up more free from surveillance online. This tool allows you to alter the information you provide to the world online quickly and easily, letting you craft your own digital footprint. Remaining vigilant about online privacy 24/7 is difficult and time consuming, so we present you this alternative.
3. **Should I use a proxy server** to anonymize my IP address? NO, because that defeats the purpose of you polluting your personally identifiable information. Of course if you feel like it, have it at. This is open source software and you are encouraged to pursue your happiness within your legal bounds. 
1. **Why?** Someday is today.

### Shout Outs ###
* [Edward Snowden](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward_Snowden)
* [United States Constitution](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Constitution) 
* [FAIL, NPR](http://www.npr.org/blogs/itsallpolitics/2013/06/12/191046130/nsa-surveillance-fails-to-rile-congress)
* [backbone.js](http://backbonejs.org/)

### Disclaimer ###
Data Polluter Pro is brought to you by No Surveillance AppsTM. USING THIS TOOL MAY RESULT IN ADVERSE AND PERMANANT CONSEQUENCES. 
The authors and contributors to this code assume no responsibility or liability for this tool/code/service, what the code/service does to your computer, or anyone who uses it. We're all responsible for our own actions and inactions ;)

